Now, let's go ahead and build this example from our slides.
We're going to build a table that's an aggregator purchase value by currency code.
So we have sample six open in our workspace.
You can see we have the familiar purchase class with the username, currency, and amount.
We're going to be going ahead and creating a currency summary table.
Now the currency summary table is going to output for each currency code that we have,
a running total of the amount of currency that we've seen in purchases.
So to do that,
we're going to use the familiar purchase function
that we've been working on over the previous few demonstrations.
So the first thing we're going to do is group by currency,
because we must be co-partitioned for tables to work correctly.
So we have to take our incoming purchases stream and group by purchase dot currency.
So if we scroll up,
we have our purchase data class and it has currency.
Now the string that's incoming,
the purchases stream is keyed on the username,
and that's not the currency code.
So to use this string appropriately,
we have to re-group or re-partition by the currency.
So by doing this the purchase events that come into
this inner loop will be partitioned on currency or have currency as the key.
Then we're going to say currency summary table.
We're going to use it just like a dictionary.
We're going to say purchase.currency
plus equal because we're keeping a running total of purchase.amount.
This will keep track for each currency,
the total amount of purchases that we've seen for that currency.
Then we're going to print the currency code next
to the total value of the transactions that we made in this currency.
Now we're ready to run it. So let's go ahead and see what happens.
So files are starting up.
Let's make this a little bigger so we can see the values as they print out.
All right. So you can see the output.
So let's go ahead and stop.
Let's see if we can see that the values are incrementing.
So here we have US dollars,
52026538, and here we have US dollars again 51791709.
So what we're seeing here is that files is using this table to keep
a constantly incrementing count for each one of these currencies of all the purchases.
We also can see this for the other currency.
So we have the Norwegian Kroner, is also increasing.
So if we look for an okay,
so we can see that that value also increased.
We can see this is true for all the currencies that are on the page.